Lenient call with gvl (#11649)
ruby/ruby: NEWS.md

      waiting on a blocking IO operation when the IO operation is closed.
      [[Feature #21166]]

* GVL

    * `rb_thread_call_with_gvl` now works with or without the GVL.

>       This allows gems to avoid checking `ruby_native_thread_p`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This allows gems to avoid checking `ruby_thread_has_gvl_p`.
```
